women distinguish more colors than men
because they have two x-chromosomes and
men only have one even if something is
wrong with one of the chromosomes a
woman can still see the colors correctly
that's why they are rarely colorblind
nearly 12% of women have four types of
cones in the retina instead of the
regular three this gives them super
vision they can see 100 million colors
and that 1 million like other people you
know guys
female muscles are richer in elastin and
more flexible than those of males girls
have a particularly flexible lower back
this helps them stay upright when they
put some weight on during pregnancy and
their gravity center shifts they can
also do those crazy gymnastic tumbling
runs at the Olympics that defy gravity
women blink faster and more frequently
than men it's 19 verses 11 blinks per
minute as females get older they start
to blink even more because of higher
levels of estrogen the female brain is 9
percent smaller than that of a man it
has the same amount of cells that are
more densely packed but the brains
cognitive abilities aren't any worse
woman's immune system is stronger and it
ages more slowly
that's why on average women live longer
than men the difference can be a whole
decade in some places and at least two
to three years universally by the way
female orangutan and chimpanzees also
outlive their males
well let's rub it in everyday the
average woman unknowingly puts on about
515 chemicals on her body
they come in deodorants shampoos
conditioners moisturizers and other
beauty products most of them are
harmless but it's always better to
research the products to avoid toxins
women are so good at detecting sense
they can even tell when their partner is
stressed out just by smelling their
shirt this could be because females have
more so
and neurons in the part of the brain
responsible for identifying smells
female bodies keep growing and changing
even in their 20s under skin fat
relocates from the cheeks neck and lower
legs to the waist abdomen and upper
thighs some major changes also happen in
the brain sector responsible for
decision-making and short-term memory
ladies actively use both sides of their
brains when listening to some what women
might be better listeners and hear even
the unsaid thanks to the right-side
responsible for creativity they're also
less likely to lose hearing as they age
even when women are sleeping their
sensitive hearing is on this has to do
with evolution and the woman's
historical role as a mother who has to
wake up to a crying baby fortunately
it's only high-pitched noises that wake
them up easily girls have more taste
buds on their tongues than guys 35% of
women are super tasters on their tongues
they have more than 30 taste buds in the
space the size of a hole left by a hole
punch sugar seems sweeter sodium is
saltier and they can hardly stand
bitterness women are good at remembering
tasks for the future but easily forget
what has been done it's the opposite for
men women also remember faces better one
study has concluded that ladies see
other women wearing red as a potential
threat to their relationship the
participants were indifferent while
being shown pictures of girls dressed in
other colors but red outfits caused an
emotional outburst women can handle much
more pain than men they also forget
about pain way faster and don't get as
stressed when they remember their
previous unpleasant experience the two
hemispheres of the female brain are more
interconnected in women fiber pathways
zigzag between the logical and creative
sides and in men these pathways go back
and forth mostly within each hemisphere
that's why ladies often find more
creative and unusual solutions to
problems even though they might not be
the most straightforward and logical
ones women's hearts are just 75% the
size of meds and the arteries in them
are narrower to make up for that
difference the female's heart has to
beat faster making around 78 beats per
minute eight beats more than the man's
it takes the average lady 47 hours to
digest food compared to 33 hours for men
this is because women have smaller
stomachs that produce less acid that's
why the speed at which food moves down
the digestive system is about 20% slower
the average woman speaks of around
20,000 words a day it's 7,000 words more
than men the brain region responsible
for language skills and social
interaction is larger in females plus
females have higher levels of so-called
language protein
this makes them speak more and faster
than men
so now you know women's skin is 25%
thinner than men's that's why it's more
sensitive to touch and gets aged lines
and wrinkles faster after the mid 40s
women go through adolescence twice first
in their teens and then in their 40s
hormones get crazy during this second
time that's why women have mood swings
and can act like teenagers women are
born with face-reading skills they can
easily decode other people's emotions
and feelings from their mimics gestures
and voice tones that's why they are so
perceptive and make natural social
leaders in a group of people an alpha
type female is more likely to be in
charge of conversation than an alpha
male
women normally look younger in photos
than men even though their skin ages
faster men's facial skin is thicker and
gets frequently shaved
that's why facial lines and other age
mucks are more visible females are born
with a strong dislike for spider snakes
and other venomous creatures even 11
month-old girls that took part in an
experiment couldn't stand looking at
spider photos it really bugs them sun
exposure is the cause of 80 percent of
women's wrinkles those who ignore
sunscreen tend to look older than the
real age especially after 50 that's when
the Sun lovers skin texture changes
dramatically women can go on with
stamina related exercises for about 75%
longer than men that's because they have
more estrogen in their muscles which
makes them more enduring men have
bulkier and less pliable muscles and
focus on shorter heavy strength training
[Music]
women are 9 times less likely to have
hiccups than men especially long term
hiccups the reasons are still unclear
but some experts are sure that male
hormones are to blame female sweat half
as much as men and less frequently
that's why they tend to dehydrate faster
women also have way more nightmares than
guys their dreams are also more
emotional and often make them relive
some dramatic episodes from the past the
action also takes place mostly indoors
[Music]
ladies who are shorter than about five
and a half feet normally give birth
about one week earlier than taller girls
their babies are smaller too women who
live closer to the equator are more
likely to give birth to girls than boys
the further up north they're settled the
more chances there are they'll have a
boy
you can tell a person's gender by
testing the levels of amino acids in
their fingerprints women have twice as
many amino acids in their sweat than men
adult ladies cry on average two to five
times per month best between 30 and 50
times a year which is almost five times
more often than adult men female tear
glands are different from male ones
it's easier for a woman to shed tears
from a biological point of view when
more reason for crying is hormones on
average women look in the mirror sixteen
times a day much less than men who do it
around 23 times a day they also sneak a
peek for different reasons women check
if everything's all right and mostly
notice things they don't like men
usually admire the body parts they're
most proud of women have slightly wider
pupils than men and according to
Guinness World Records the women from
the padang tribe have the longest necks
in the world they get their first neck
rings by the age of 5 to 9 by 45 their
necks can grow up to almost 8 inches and